# Introduction

CAM is compatible with clusters configured to use a proxy for external
http communication with minimal configuration. Proxies are configured differently
depending on the installation cluster, so the setup will differ depending on the
cluster version.

# Overview

Under the covers, CAM and its various components respect the standard HTTP_PROXY,
HTTPS_PROXY, and NO_PROXY environment variables. Since the official install
procedure utilizes a CAM operator to set up the environment, the `MigrationController`
CR is the golden source for these proxy values, passed as spec variables to
the underlying operator to apply to its operands. The variables are as follows:

```
spec:
  http_proxy: <xxx>
  https_proxy: <xxx>
  no_proxy: <xxx>
```

> Note: These are undercased on the `MigrationController` CR as is convention.

These variables can be overriden for any CAM operator deployment, but are only
necessary for older versions of OCP. 

## OCP <4.2

On OCP <4.2, a `Proxy` object [can be configured](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/networking/enable-cluster-wide-proxy.html) that acts as a cluster-wide
proxy configuration. OLM, the standard way to install the CAM operator on a 4
cluster, will automatically inherit the global proxy and apply it to the CAM
operator. Therefore, the afformentioned `MigrationController` spec variables are
not required. However, if you for some reason desire to use a proxy other than
the cluster-wide proxy, you may override the global proxy by providing these
settings.

## OCP 4.1

OCP 4.1 does not support the global proxy object. Users should install CAM as
they normally would via OLM, but during `MigrationController` creation, the
proxy spec variables **must** be provided.

## OCP 3.x

Users should follow the normal procedure for installing the CAM operator on a
3.x cluster by copying the `operator.yml` file and `controller-3.yml` files
off of the operator image. Once the operator has been installed and is running
successfully, the proxy is configured via the same spec variables as mentioned
previously.
