Manual Rollback Procedure
=========================
If a migration operation was performed without quiescing the application these steps should not be necessary since the application will be running in place on the source cluster. In a case where a quiesced migration operation was performed and rollback is desired due to failure or some other reason follow the steps below.

Storage
-------
If a move operation was performed on an application requiring quiescing, care must be taken to prevent data corruption. Ensure that applications on the destination cluster aren't accessing data on the PVC before trying to bring your applications back up on the source cluster. In a move operation, the migration plugin ensures that the retention policy for bound PVs is 'Retain' to prevent data loss when an application is cleaned up on the source cluster.

1. Switch to the migrated namespace on the destination cluster and run `oc get all` to find deploying resources.
1. For each you can then `oc delete $resouce-type` or `oc scale --replicas=0 $resource-type/$resource-name`.
1. To stop daemonsets without deleting them update the nodeSelector to a value that does not match any nodes.
1. If desired edit each PV and change the retention policy to Delete or Recycle.

Applications
------------
In a quiesced migration operation it will be necessary to start applications back up. Once the state and configuration for storage has been verified application pods can be restarted if necessary.

1. Find Deploying resources with `oc get all`.
1. For each resource start one or more replicas `oc scale --replicas=1 $resource-type/$resource-name`.
1. Adjust the nodeSelector for daemonsets as desired.
